W-16249047-newgmailoauth-se (#416)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/processautomation-prepare-deployment-credential.adoc

+
** *OAuth Credentials*
+
Use this credential to access the Microsoft Outlook or Google Gmail email applications.
+
[IMPORTANT]

> In the current version of the *OAuth Credentials* *OAuth Host*, is replaced with *OAuth Authorization Endpoint* and *OAuth Token Endpoint*. Check your processes to see if they have exchanged the Activity Parameters and create new credentials to link.

Reviewer: I can't understand this sentence. Is it possible that the first comma is in the wrong place? 
```suggestion
In the current version of the *OAuth Credentials*, *OAuth Authorization Endpoint* and *OAuth Token Endpoint* replace *OAuth Host*. Check your processes to see if they exchanged the Activity Parameters and create new credentials to link.
```
